hello everyone knows by the way
I hope you're doing well
found today on the presentation
of the skin gta 5 / euro truck simulator 2
and I quickly make a small
dedication to florian bourges and or borg and
who provided me the skin on facebook so
I thank him for going let's go
and so here we go we go for the
presentation of this famous skin so everything
first I think you can imagine
it's really really for you
will like the skin anyway but that's
true that those who love it range think
really those who love gta 5 after
you will see that you do not have to
necessarily love gta 5 to like it because
that the skin I find it really great
pretty short I stop doing myself
wait I ask all of
suite so here's the skin so wait
it may be necessary to put a small
refit his truck that will make it anyway
definitely better
so that's what it looks like
skin so people will already have it
noticed we have franklyn on the right
and there we michael on the left finally
rather the opposite brief end you have me
included in the back we have very strong so
this is really very classy
with the little acronym gta 5 on the
careening finally really it's really
super class the little rockstar logo and
so it's really for people who
like gta it will please them
after you do not necessarily need
but I was at because the skin in
himself is really very pretty I
find the colors nice base all
just the colors a little bit
sunset like that it changes a
little bit I find that class with the
terrace palms is really very very
very pretty i will show you everything from
what it looks like on my truck
because I deny them so there
you already see it my little truck
so wait till we go out and then I
show you this live so here at
what does my truck look like apart from
skin gta 5
there is no other mode ie
that they all have origin
here I preferred to put the retro ones in
chrome and if you want you can
put the retro bread 1 what you
will once again put a little bit more
of gta 5 on your truck while
simply
and if not, that's all the rest
of origin so here is a little bit what
you can do so if you add
still fashion accessories etc
it can really give something
very very classy go anyway me
I will tell you the next I hope that
this mode will have made you happy if
it's the cab as always remember
not the little green thumb and the link is
as always in the description
go like everyone